Let's run away together
I will definitely bring them to justice
My wife was injured by them
The foreman committed suicide by jumping off a building
All my co-workers they
Hey, over 30 million
You know this is for us migrant workers
Does it mean anything?
I can understand how you feel.
I'll figure it out.
But you must pay attention to safety.
Don't worry, I just don't want this life
It will also keep you safe
What are you two doing sneaking around here?
Brother Bao
Luna has some professional words that she doesn't quite understand.
I'm giving him make-up lessons
Playing a big knife in front of Guan Gong
Come with me to see Brother Fei, Brother Bao
Fei Ge, I'm really asking him a question.
Yeah, you have to trust us.
I'm here to help you make money.
Why would I touch your woman?
Get this shit out of here
I don't want to see him again.
I was wrong. I was wrong.
I don't dare anymore Fei Ge, I don't need to know the truth
You are alone in the same room
What would other people think?
What else do you explain?
Since Fei Ge doesn't believe me
Then I can only be cut off with death
Your life
Only I have the final say
Fei, please let me go
Fei Ge, I am the strange Fei Ge
Fei Ge Fei Ge
Don't that A Yan has been taught a lesson by me